Add retailCRM docs (#106)
segmentstream-com/segmentstream-com.github.io: _docs/datasources/retailcrm.md

---
layout: page
section: datasources
title: "retailCRM"
order: 1
---

In this section you will learn:
* How to connect retailCRM data import.

> Attention! The [Google BigQuery](/integrations/google-bigquery) integration has to be enabled to use this feature.

### Page contents
------
<ul class="page-navigation">
  <li><a href="#importing-data">Importing data from retailCRM</a></li>
  <li><a href="#connecting-and-configuring">Connecting and configuring</a></li>
  <li><a href="#options-description">Options description</a></li>
  <li><a href="#display-name">Display name</a></li>
  <li><a href="#retailcrm-subdomain">retailCRM subdomain</a></li>
  <li><a href="#orders-import">Orders import</a></li>
  <li><a href="#saving-disconnecting-disabling">Saving, Disconnecting, Disabling data source</a></li>
  <li><a href="#where-to-get-orders-data">Where to get orders data</a></li>
</ul>

### <a name="importing-data"></a>Importing data from retailCRM
------

After enabling this data source, retailCRM data will be uploaded to BigQuery once every 24 hours.

### <a name="connecting-and-configuring"></a>Connecting and configuring
------

> Before connect data source you must create API key, this is described in detail in the [retailCRM docs](https://help.retailcrm.ru/Users/ApiKeys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before connecting the data source, you must create an API key, this is described in detail in the [retailCRM docs](https://help.retailcrm.ru/Users/ApiKeys).
```

The process of connecting data sources is described in detail in the [overview](/datasources/index).

After authorization you need to set the data source parameters.

### <a name="options-description"></a>Options description
------
![](/img/retailcrm.png)

### <a name="display-name"></a>Display name
The name of the data source. It is displayed in the interface in the list of sources.

### <a name="retailcrm-subdomain"></a>retailCRM subdomain

> Should be filled with the part of the address of your CRM. For example, if the address is your https://test-account.retailcrm.ru/, then the subdomain will be "test-account".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should be filled with the first part of your CRM address. For example, if your CRM address is https://test-account.retailcrm.ru/, then the subdomain will be "test-account".
```
